Once upon a time there were four little Rabbits, and their names were Flopsy, Mopsy, Cotton-tail, and Peter.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Fairy tales can come true. You gotta make them happen, it all depends on you.
If you shut your eyes and are a lucky one, you may see at times a shapeless pool of lovely pale colours suspended in the darkness.
There could not have been a lovelier sight; but there was none to see it except a little boy who was staring in at the window.
Every time you say you do not believe in fairies, somewhere a fairy falls down dead.
She was one of the kind that likes to grow up. In the end, she grew up of her own free will a day quicker than other girls.
And thus it will go on, so long as children are gay and innocent and heartless.
Forget them, Wendy. Forget them all. Come with me where you will never, never have to worry about grown-up things again.
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it.
Stars are beautiful, but they may not take part in anything, they must just look on forever.
You place too much importance, and you always have done, on the so-called purity of blood.
Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.
This pain is part of being human… the fact that you can feel pain like this is your greatest strength.
I was ripped from my body, I was less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost.
Percy would not recognize a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing Dobby’s tea cozy.
There are some things you cannot share without ending up liking each other.
We have all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on.
There is no good and evil, only power, and those too weak to seek it.
Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.
You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You think that we do not recall them more clearly in times of great trouble?
You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.
People find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than for being right.
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
Being different is not a bad thing. It means you are brave enough to be yourself.
We are all human, are we not? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic.
Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and above all, those who live without love.
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.
You are the weak one. And you will never know love or friendship. And I feel sorry for you.
If you want to know what a man is like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
The ones that love us never really leave us. You can always find them, in here.
The truth. Dumbledore sighed. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant is faithful one hundred percent.
Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
If you want to find out what a writer or a cartoonist really feels, look at their monsters.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: What! You too? I thought I was the only one.
The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.
Just because something is not happening for you right now does not mean it never will.
So many things are possible just as long as you do not know they are impossible.
You must never feel badly about making mistakes... as long as you take the trouble to learn from them.
Sometimes, said Pooh, the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
You cannot stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
There is no use trying, said Alice; one cannot believe impossible things.
So please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away!
When a child loves you for a long, long time... then you become Real.
It is no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
Why, sometimes I have believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
You have plenty of courage, I am sure. All you need is confidence in yourself.
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It is not.
All grown-ups were once children… but only few of them remember it.
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
The world only exists in your eyes. You can make it as big or as small as you want.
He looked at her the way all women want to be looked at by a man.
I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
You cannot get away from yourself by moving from one place to another.
We are not now that strength which in old days moved earth and heaven...
The only limits for tomorrow are the doubts we have today.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated.
When you cannot find someone to follow, you have to find a way to lead by example.
We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken.
You know, when it works, love is pretty amazing. It is not overrated. There is a reason for all those songs.
You do not love someone because they are perfect. You love them in spite of the fact that they are not.
You cannot live your life for other people. You have got to do what is right for you.
It is only after we have lost everything that we are free to do anything.
You have to know what you stand for, not just what you stand against.
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.
Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.
He is more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view.
The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It is the loneliness of it.
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.
Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.
Sometimes, you have to choose between planting roots or growing wings.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness.
Sometimes I can feel my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I am not living.
It is the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.
Do not ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.
The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again...
Shoot all the bluejays you want, if you can hit them, but remember it is a sin to kill a mockingbird.