Some pigs are smarter than others.
Second star to the right.
I will huff and I will puff.
Curiouser and curiouser!
He was not a tame lion.
All children, except one, grow up.
Not all those who wander are lost.
There is no place like home.
You are braver than you believe.
Oh, the places you will go!
Let the wild rumpus start!
I do believe in fairies!
We are all mad here.
I never gave up hope.
I have faced worse than this.
You are just as sane as I am.
We are with you, whatever happens.
I have seen your heart, and it is mine.
Control your emotions. Discipline your mind!
Death is but the next great adventure.
The Elder Wand recognizes a new master…
You have something worth fighting for.
You care about them, even after everything.
You see what you expect to see, Severus.
Power was my weakness and my temptation.
The prophecy does not mean you have to do anything!
Every human life is worth the same and worth saving.
I never really gave up on you.
It is wingardium leviOsa, not leviosAH!
Do not let the muggles get you down.
There is no need to call me sir, Professor.
I am not worried, Harry. I am with you.
The stories we love best do live in us forever.
I am what I am, I am not ashamed.
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows.
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.
We read to know we are not alone.
Children see magic because they look for it.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Do not cry because it is over, smile because it happened.
The more he gave away, the more delighted he became.
We all can dance when we find music we love.
Sometimes you have to be a little bit naughty.
Do you suppose she is a wildflower?
Magic is believing in yourself.
Fairy tales are more than true...
Practically perfect in every way.
To die would be an awfully big adventure.
Where you tend a rose, my lad, a thistle cannot grow.
Even if you are little, you can do a lot.
Even miracles take a little time.
Man is not made for defeat.
You are your best thing.
To define is to limit.
In the end, we will all become stories.
Pain demands to be felt.
Books are a uniquely portable magic.
The things you own end up owning you.
What are men to rocks and mountains?
All we ever have is now.
He loved Big Brother.
I am haunted by humans.
What fresh hell is this?
You have bewitched me, body and soul.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
Fear does not shut you down; it wakes you up.
We are all fools in love.
The past is never dead. It is not even past.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
You do not have to live forever, you just have to live.
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
But soft! What light through yonder window breaks?
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt.
Time, which sees all things, has found you out.
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
After all, tomorrow is another day!
Stay gold, Ponyboy, stay gold.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times...