Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
Why, sometimes I have believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
In an old house in Paris that was covered with vines...
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
You are entirely bonkers. But I will tell you a secret. All the best people are.
I know you! I walked with you once upon a dream.
I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.
I say, Wendy… always if you like. Just as long as it is not forever.
I will teach you how to jump on the wind’s back, and then away we go.
The second star to the right and straight on till morning.
Come with me, where dreams are born and time is never planned.
I taught you to fight and to fly. What more could there be?
You always know after you are two. Two is the beginning of the end.
Magic leaves traces. Sometimes very dangerous traces.
There is no need to be afraid, Harry. You are not alone.
There is a reason Voldemort tried to kill you as a baby, Harry.
You dare to talk to me about mercy? I showed you mercy once!
You have no idea what I have done! What I have given up!
You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion-making...
Foolish wand-waving and silly incantations are not what magic is about.
Do not count your owls before they are delivered.
Age is foolish and forgetful when it underestimates youth.
Love as powerful as your mother’s for you leaves its own mark.
You have been taught how to duel, I presume? First we bow to each other.
Perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it.
Time will not slow down when something unpleasant lies ahead.
I do not go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me.
The world is not split into good people and Death Eaters.
Greatness inspires envy, envy engenders spite, spite spawns lies.
The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure.
Curiosity is not a sin. But we should exercise caution with our curiosity.
You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.
You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us?
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it.
I do believe something very magical can happen when you read a good book.
True friends are never apart. Maybe in distance, but never in heart.
It is our choices that make us who we are, far more than our abilities.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
It is hard to stay mad when there is so much beauty in the world.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
It is like the smarter you are, the more things can scare you.
There is no magic to it, but it is magic just the same.
Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality.
We are all stories in the end. Just make it a good one, eh?
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly.
All you need is faith, trust, and a little bit of pixie dust.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says I am possible!
Sometimes we have to face our fears to find our courage.
You must be the best judge of your own happiness.
Being brave does not mean you go looking for trouble.
It is not down in any map; true places never are.
A little nonsense now and then, is relished by the wisest men.
In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun.
Even a small person can change the course of the future.
Dreams do come true, if only we wish hard enough.
Real is not how you are made. It is a thing that happens to you.
It is not where you come from, it is where you are going that counts.
Those who do not believe in magic will never find it.
Somewhere inside all of us is the power to change the world.
Just because it is what is done does not mean it is what should be done.
It is not what we are born, but what we grow to be.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
A person is a person, no matter how small.
You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.
Reserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope.
The heart is an arrow. It demands aim to land true.
Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds.
Hope is the only thing stronger than fear.
I could easily forgive his pride if he had not mortified mine.
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die.
To love or have loved, that is enough. Ask nothing further.
Nothing is ever really lost to us as long as we remember it.
Maybe everybody in the whole damn world is scared of each other.
My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
I cannot go back to yesterday because I was a different person then.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, does not go away.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
I wish you to know that you have been the last dream of my soul.